PROFESSOR: Derek Aguiar
RMP_ID: 2460362
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2460362

=== OVERALL ===
Overall rating: 3.5/5
Would take again (%): 59%
Level of difficulty (1-5): 4.1
Top tags: Amazing lectures, Clear grading criteria, Hilarious

=== REVIEWS ===

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 4.0 | CSE3500
People say Aguiar's section is harder, but his grading is very forgiving. 
Homework is mostly completion if you follow the guidelines. 
On exams are as long as you follow the general formula, you'll get most points even 
if your solution is wrong. The final lets you recover earlier exam points. 
Attend lecture and do the homework and you'll be fine.

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 3.0 | CSE3500
Derek is very approachable and easy to talk to! His lectures can sometimes 
move too quickly or be unclear, but he records them and makes them available. 
He's also a lenient grader and fair, I got some problems completely wrong on 
the first exam and still got over half credit for them. If you're proactive 
and put in effort you'll do well.

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3500
I would say Derek is a nice professor, but don't take 3500 with him, 
his section is way harder than other, but Derek cares his students 
and he is always there to help you, but the content is too hard and 
the weekly homework is absolutely overwhelming, it probably took me 
for a WHOLE WEEK to finish every time. Overall, nice professor, tough course.

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 4.0 | CSE3500
Although Derek Aguiar's sections of this class are harder and different from 
other professors, It is for your benefit. He is very enthusiastic with his 
teachings and genuinely wants to help you learn to prepare for your future. 
The homework's he gives are the best preparation for the exams and he is a generous grader.

Quality 3.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3500
If you put in a TON of work, you will learn a lot from this course, 
and it will be useful. However, it doesn't make sense how taking 
this class with Aguiar compared to other professors is so much more 
difficult. He is passionate and wants everyone to learn, yes. 
But this could almost be a separate course entirely compared to the other sections.

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 3.0 | CSE3500
I never actually wrote one of these before but I just had to for Derek. 
3500 is just a hard course in general, the people rating him low aren't 
doing him justice just because they had a hard time. Derek teaches with 
passion and is a hilarious guy. Derek will tell you what category of problems 
are going to be on exams. Amazing Professor.

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 4.0 | CSE1010
The homework in the latter half of the course was a bit difficult for me, 
but that is only because I've never taken CS before (and thus, it takes a 
bit of work to learn, just like any other class). Everything in the first 
half of the semester was really easy. TONS of extra credit opportunities 
during lab times -- take advantage of it!

Quality 3.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3500
3500 with Aguiar is one of the hardest courses in the undergrad curriculum. 
He even says that his section is harder than any other sections. But by the 
time your done you will be an algorithms god. He is also very available in 
office hours (which you will need) and the final makes up for the midterms.
DON'T TAKE THIS CONCURRENTLY WITH 3100 OR 3666

Quality 2.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3500
The homework is insanely hard and the exams are as well. 
he does not curve the class but has a different system at the 
end but that sucks because It barely brings your grade up or 
might not even. he also made a failing grade below a 50 which 
is the only good thing hes done. also hes easy to reach out too 
and sometimes is understanding.

Quality 5.0 | Difficulty 4.0 | CSE3500
Derek is the best! 3500 is just a hard class, but I have never 
seen a professor care so much about student's success. 
He really wants you to understand the content and do well. 
Derek grades very fairly, gives a ton of partial credit, answers 
emails and discord quickly (literally at like 1a.m. sometimes). 
One of the best professor's I've had here.
