PROFESSOR: Yufeng Wu
RMP_ID: 1756272
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1756272 

=== OVERALL ===
Overall rating: 2/5
Would take again (%): 27%
Level of difficulty (1-5): 4.2
Top tags: Lots of Homework, Tough grader, Get ready to read

=== REVIEWS ===

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3000
Its actually absurd how strict he is with grading for a 1 credit class. 
I'm getting grades in the range of 60s-90s for a paper that is supposed 
to be opinion based. For the final discussion he cut points out of the grade 
because we were missing stuff, but he also cut us off early for time purposes 
when we were getting to that part of the project.

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 3.0 | CSE3000
I'd avoid this professor if possible. The weekly readings total up to over 
100 pages with a one-page reflection paper every week. Vague instructions 
for group project, and during presentations he was unhelpful and even rude 
when students had technical issues. The attendance policy is also extreme 
missing three classes means you fail the course.

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3000
3 credits worth of work for a 1 credit class. Not only does he assign 
weekly one page papers (all mandatory) with incredibly vague guidelines, 
but he then grades them based entirely on vibes, with no rubric. On top 
of that, the same attendance policy as a lab course plus weekly online 
discussion made this class an absolute nightmare to have taken.

Quality 4.0 | Difficulty 4.0 | CSE2500
Not the worst professor but not my first choice. 
He definitely wants us to learn but he's rough with his 
exam problems and material taught. If you put time in and 
ask questions you'll for sure do well, especially with the 
extra credit and partial grading. His office hours were pretty late so that's a downside.

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3150
Lowkey hates his students. Assigns a LOT of DIFFICULT work, will hide 
tests in the autograder to trip you up. Low quality lectures. Does not 
want to curve when the exam average was 51. Will teach new content 10 minutes 
before the exam. Will not finish attendance assignments in class so you have 
to do them yourself. Obsessed with catching cheaters.

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3150
Probably the worst CS professor at UConn. Extremely difficult exams with no curve. 
The average was a failing grade and there's no curve, he refuses to take fault and 
blames the class for not trying. This man cannot speak English, or any language 
honestly has a really bad stutter and a ton of homework. Egotistical with no social awareness.

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3500
He was a bit hard to understand, respectfully, because of his thick accent. 
There was one occasion where I wasn't understanding him and went to him after class. 
He was surprised I didn't understand a certain concept and basically kicked me out 
refusing to clarify anything else. I would say he ranks in the top 3 of the worst 
professors I've had.

Quality 2.0 | Difficulty 4.0 | CSE3150
Tough class. The prof has videos of another prof's lectures and told us to watch 
those instead. The coding HWs are vague and need more clarification. Final project 
was a mess in terms of delivery and deadlines, autograders not working. His 
lecturing skills are not the best, it is better to watch O.O. design pattern 
videos from YT instead of him.

Quality 4.0 | Difficulty 3.0 | CSE3150
I would take most of these negative reviews with a grain of salt. 
Good professor and a fair grader. There are weekly assignments that 
teach you a lot. No final exam; final project was relatively 
straightforward - you will need to dedicate a solid few hours to it. 
You'll succeed if you focus on learning, not just completing assignments.

Quality 1.0 | Difficulty 5.0 | CSE3150
Uses other prof lectures outside of class, lots of homework, unclear directions, 
lots of out of pocket comments. Lack of communication with TAs 
(hard to get any answers, a TA mentioned they only had one meeting the entire semester). 
Tried to make an entire new project with dates overlapping with exam, 
refuses to take advice and input from students.


